AWS EC2 Terraform example (#30)
secrethub/examples: aws/ec2/README.md

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://secrethub.io/img/integrations/aws-ec2/github-banner.png?v1" alt="AWS EC2 + SecretHub" width="390">
</p>
<br/>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://secrethub.io/docs/guides/aws-ec2/"><img alt="View Docs" src="https://secrethub.io/img/buttons/github/view-docs.png?v2" height="28" /></a>
</p>
<br/>

This example uses Terraform to launch an EC2 instance, deploy the [SecretHub Demo App](https://secrethub.io/docs/start/getting-started/#consume) on it and provision it with the required secrets using the [SecretHub AWS Identity Provider](https://secrethub.io/docs/reference/aws/). 

## Prerequisites
1. [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html) installed
2. [SecretHub](https://secrethub.io/docs/start/getting-started/#install) installed
3. Correctly configured [AWS Credentials](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/aws/index.html#authentication)

## Running the example

Init the SecretHub demo repo with example values
```
secrethub demo init
```

> Create an EC2 key pair by following the [AWS user guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ec2-key-pairs.html#how-to-generate-your-own-key-and-import-it-to-aws), if you do not have one already.

Reviewer: If we don't SSH to it anymore, this text can go.

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://secrethub.io/img/integrations/aws-ec2/github-banner.png?v1" alt="AWS EC2 + SecretHub" width="390">
</p>
<br/>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://secrethub.io/docs/guides/aws-ec2/"><img alt="View Docs" src="https://secrethub.io/img/buttons/github/view-docs.png?v2" height="28" /></a>
</p>
<br/>

> # Deploying to AWS EC2 using Terraform

Reviewer: This one is a bit verbose, we could do:
```suggestion
# Deploy to EC2 using Terraform
```

Reviewer: Or leave it out entirely, looks pretty clean:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7430639/85003945-36548000-b157-11ea-924e-7e312da11fed.png)

> This example launches an EC2 instance, deploys the [SecretHub Demo App](https://secrethub.io/docs/start/getting-started/#consume) on it and provisions it with the required secrets using the [SecretHub AWS Identity Provider](https://secrethub.io/docs/reference/aws/). 

Reviewer: If we leave the title out, we should mention Terraform here, e.g.:
```suggestion
This example uses Terraform to launch an EC2 instance, deploy the [SecretHub Demo App](https://secrethub.io/docs/start/getting-started/#consume) on it and provision it with the required secrets using the [SecretHub AWS Identity Provider](https://secrethub.io/docs/reference/aws/). 
```

1. [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html) installed
2. [SecretHub](https://secrethub.io/docs/start/getting-started/#install) installed
3. Correctly configured [AWS Credentials](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/aws/index.html#authentication)

## Running the example

Init the SecretHub demo repo with example values
```
secrethub demo init
```

To launch an example EC2 instance (`t2.nano`), run:
```
terraform init
terraform apply
```

When the instance is fully up and running, get its public IP:
```
terraform output public_ip
```

Connect to the instance and install the SecretHub CLI:
```
sudo curl https://yum.secrethub.io/secrethub.repo --output /etc/yum/repos.d/secrethub.repo --create-dirs
sudo yum install -y secrethub-cli
```

Next, provision the app with secrets by referencing them in environment variables.
These will automatically be replaced with the corresponding secret values.
```
export DEMO_USERNAME=secrethub://<your-username>/demo/username
export DEMO_PASSWORD=secrethub://<your-username>/demo/password
```

Finally, run the app with the `secrethub run` command
```
secrethub run --identity-provider=aws -- secrethub demo serve --host 0.0.0.0 --port 8080

> ```

Reviewer: We could include these steps in the `aws_instance` `user_data` field. Because then it's just an apply and you're done. No more SSH stuff. 

See what I did here: https://github.com/secrethub/examples/blob/f93cbbda65955ea128e7d393e3189d4d2f3b134e/google-cloud/gce/app.tf#L52-L58

Author: This is a super nice solution, thanks for the idea! :+1:
